Disabling Static Files Authorization for external software (#3064)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/upgrade.md

```
etc/org.opencastproject.fsresources.StaticResourceServlet.cfg

> The [ILIAS plugin](https://github.com/fluxapps/OpenCast), for example, does not authenticate users against Opencast. If you are using that plugin, this is why you probably want to disable this feature and make your media publically accessable.

Reviewer: Fixing the line length test failure…

```suggestion
The [ILIAS plugin](https://github.com/fluxapps/OpenCast), for example, does not authenticate users against Opencast.     
If you are using that plugin, this is why you probably want to disable this feature and make your media publically       
accessable.
```

```
etc/org.opencastproject.fsresources.StaticResourceServlet.cfg
```

> If you are using external software, like Ilias for example, it is required that all of your media is accessable to every user. If that is not the case, the static files authorization must be disabled by setting the `authentication.required` option in the file above to `false`.

Reviewer: This is not true. For example, Stud.IP would be external software, but you can (and probably should) still use this feature because users are authenticated against Opencast. You should just deactivate this if you do not want Opencast to check for authorization. And that's basically what the sentence above the configuration in here says.

If you want to tell people about the problem in ILIAS, maybe be specific about that?

```suggestion
The [ILIAS plugin](https://github.com/fluxapps/OpenCast), for example, does not authenticate users against Opencast. This is why you probably want to disable this feature and make your media publically accessable if you use that plugin.
```
